README.md, before:

# GBL Texture Exporter

## Info

######NOTE: Photoshop CC 2015 broke compatiblity with some of the scripted UI features this uses, and thus this does not currently work with that version!

GBL Texture Exporter is a tool for exporting textures from Photoshop PSD files. 

Features:
- Create a batch of export items from top level layers or groups, single layer can be set to export
multiple times with different settings
- Relative export paths, root folder changeable through global settings
- Resizing control for each individual export item
- Apply custom action to the flattened export layer to do additional modifications
- Settings stored inside the PSD as XMP metadata, no extra files to keep track of
- Textures are exported as png or tga (format is deduced from export path filename)

## Screenshot

![UI Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gimblll/GBL-Texture-Exporter/master/screenshot.png)

## Installing

Copy 'GBL Texture Exporter.jsx' file to Adobe/Photoshop CC (version)/Presets/Scripts/ folder, restart Photoshop and start the 
Exporter UI from menus through File/Scripts/GBL Texture Exporter.

Commit message:

- Added 'temp fixed' 2015 compatible version with ugly layer list interface. - Added 'Export selected' button

README.md, after:

# GBL Texture Exporter

## Info

#####NOTE: Photoshop CC 2015 (and 2015.5) broke table UI features from scripting, so the interface doesn't look as pretty as in the screenshot anymore. Maybe some day they can support again, maybe not.

GBL Texture Exporter is a tool for exporting textures from Photoshop PSD files. 

Features:
- Create a batch of export items from top level layers or groups, single layer can be set to export
multiple times with different settings
- Relative export paths, root folder changeable through global settings
- Resizing control for each individual export item
- Apply custom action to the flattened export layer to do additional modifications
- Settings stored inside the PSD as XMP metadata, no extra files to keep track of
- Textures are exported as png or tga (format is deduced from export path filename)

## Screenshot

![UI Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gimblll/GBL-Texture-Exporter/master/screenshot.png)

## Installing

Copy 'GBL Texture Exporter.jsx' file to Adobe/Photoshop CC (version)/Presets/Scripts/ folder, restart Photoshop and start the 
Exporter UI from menus through File/Scripts/GBL Texture Exporter.
